qatar's prime minister says negotiations
between Hamas and Israel have stalled
though it is working through issues
between the parties katar is playing a
mediating role and has been trying to
secure a ceasefire deal in
Gaza with respect to the ongoing
negotiations I informed his Excellency
the latest developments regretfully the
negotiations are facing some ups and
downs at the moment the negotiations
have been struggling we are doing our
best to iring out all the obstacles we
are also doing our best to have a swap
deal reached well meanwhile in Gaza City
an Israeli War Plane has attacked a
group of Palestinians gathering at a
location where they could connect to the
internet at least seven Palestinians
were killed and 20 others injured it
happened in the shik radwan neighborhood
a tent had been set up there for those
trying to access the internet there
spotty cell service throughout the
territory and Palestinians often have to
gather at a single point where the
connectivity is stable while let's speak
to T Abu aom he's on the ground forest
in Rafa and Southern Gaza Tark as we've
been reporting there have been very
intense strikes over the last few days
and now this talk us through what's been
targeted yes uh the Israeli military has
been carrying out clear intensification
of the military attacks across the Gaza
Strip one of the latest had targeted a
group of Palestinians who were seeking
to reach an internet connection in the
Norther part of of Gaza but generally
the situation is really dire across many
areas in in the territory in particular
in anarat refugee camp now what is
happening there is a clear reminder
about similar scenarios that other areas
in Gaza Strip had been widely invaded
and had been completely become under the
Israeli uh attack but we have been
seeing that the attacks and
confrontations are still raging on the
vicinity of the recently established uh
Corridor in the middle area that Splats
between the northern part and the
southern sector of Gaza but what we have
been hearing from residents in an noat
refugee camp is that they have been
hearing constant bombardment one of them
had been saying that bombardment do not
does not stop in hourly bases as
residential houses become completely
under D under attack a number of
agricultural land being directly
targeted Amed more casualties among
civilians have uh have been recorded in
the past 24 hours where generally across
the territory as gans's as gans's health
Ministry said that 89 Palestinians have
been injured till now without any let up
in fighting while in Rafa in the far
most city in the territor the situation
is relatively Cal but it has been
recently an activation for the Israeli
military surveillance drones and figh
jets on the sky of this very densely
populated area which clearly signifies
for further potential military Str
strikes that could be carried out within
the past few hours taboom there with the
very latest for us from the ground from
Rafa in the GSA strip thank you
Tara make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer